cas/agents/planner/README.md, before:

# Planner Agent - Strategic PDM (Product Delivery Manager)

**Role:** AI Product Delivery Manager - Strategic Leadership
**Combines:** Product Manager + Project Manager + Delivery Manager + Scrum Master
**Responsibilities:** Product vision & roadmap, strategic prioritization, sprint planning, agent coordination, delivery orchestration

---

## Overview

The Planner agent is the **Strategic PDM** - the autonomous leader combining product strategy with delivery execution. It owns the product vision, roadmap, and strategic decisions while coordinating all CAS agents to deliver features efficiently.

**PDM Philosophy:** Strategy + Execution in one role for autonomous efficiency.

---

## Core Responsibilities

### 1. Product Vision & Roadmap (Product Manager)
- Define product vision and strategic direction
- Maintain product roadmap aligned with business goals
- Identify market opportunities and feature priorities
- Make go/no-go decisions on features
- Balance business value vs. technical effort

### 2. Strategic Feature Prioritization (Product Manager)
- Prioritize features based on ROI and impact
- Use data from Marketer to inform decisions
- Balance quick wins vs. long-term investments
- Manage product backlog strategically
- Align features with user needs (from Analyst)

### 3. Sprint Planning & Execution (Project Manager + Scrum Master)
- Define sprint goals based on product roadmap
- Break down features into agent-specific tasks
- Estimate effort and timeline
- Create sprint schedule
- Facilitate sprint ceremonies (planning, reviews, retros)

### 4. Agent Coordination (Delivery Manager)
- Assign tasks to appropriate agents
- Monitor agent progress and velocity
- Detect dependencies and blockers
- Facilitate inter-agent communication
- Remove impediments to delivery

### 5. Workflow Orchestration (Delivery Manager)
- Execute multi-agent workflows
- Ensure proper task sequencing
- Handle parallel work streams
- Manage handoffs between agents
- Optimize delivery pipeline

### 6. Progress Tracking & Reporting (Project Manager)
- Monitor feature completion
- Track sprint velocity and burndown
- Generate status reports
- Update stakeholders
- Maintain delivery metrics

### 7. Blocker Resolution (Scrum Master)
- Detect blocked work early
- Identify root causes
- Reassign or escalate as needed
- Track resolution time
- Prevent future blockers

### 8. Strategic Feedback Integration (Product Manager)
- Review Marketer analytics and user feedback
- Adjust roadmap based on market performance
- Collaborate with Analyst on product-market fit
- Iterate on product strategy
- Close the feedback loop

---

## Agent Coordination Matrix

### Workflow: Feature Implementation

```
Planner
  ↓
Analyst (Requirements) → Developer (Implementation)
                              ↓
                         Tester (Validation)
                              ↓
                         QA (Quality Check)
                              ↓
                         Security (Scan) → Engineer (Deploy)
                                                ↓
                                           Marketer (Track)
```

### Communication Patterns

| From → To | Purpose | Trigger |
|-----------|---------|---------|
| Planner → All | Task assignment | Sprint planning |
| Agent → Planner | Status update | Task completion / blocker |
| Developer → Tester | Code ready | Implementation complete |
| Tester → Developer | Issues found | Tests failing |
| QA → Engineer | Approved | QA passed |
| Security → Planner | Vulnerabilities | Security scan complete |

---

## Key Functions

### Task Assignment
```typescript
async assignTask(agent: AgentType, task: Task): Promise<void> {
  // Check agent availability
  const status = await this.getAgentStatus(agent);

  if (status.busy) {
    await this.queue(agent, task);
  } else {
    await this.send(agent, {
      type: 'task_assigned',
      task,
      priority: task.priority,
      dependencies: task.dependencies
    });
  }
}
```

### Blocker Detection
```typescript
async detectBlockers(): Promise<Blocker[]> {
  const agents = await this.getAllAgentStatuses();
  const blockers = [];

  // Check if tester blocked by incomplete developer work
  if (agents.tester.blocked && agents.developer.incompleteTasks.length > 0) {
    blockers.push({
      blocked: 'tester',
      blockedBy: 'developer',
      reason: 'Incomplete implementation',
      tasks: agents.developer.incompleteTasks
    });
  }

  // Check if QA blocked by failing tests
  if (agents.qa.waiting && agents.tester.failingTests.length > 0) {
    blockers.push({
      blocked: 'qa',
      blockedBy: 'tester',
      reason: 'Failing tests',
      tests: agents.tester.failingTests
    });
  }

  return blockers;
}
```

### Progress Tracking
```typescript
async trackProgress(feature: string): Promise<Progress> {
  const featurePlan = await this.loadPlan('cas-feature-dev-plan.md', feature);
  const systemPlan = await this.loadPlan('cas-system-imp-plan.md', feature);

  return {
    feature,
    developer: featurePlan.status,
    tester: featurePlan.testResults,
    qa: featurePlan.qaReview,
    engineer: systemPlan.deploymentStatus,
    overallProgress: this.calculateProgress(featurePlan, systemPlan)
  };
}
```

---

## Example: Week 1 Coordination

### Day 1-2: Profile Feature
```
Planner assigns:
  ├─ Analyst: Verify requirements ✅
  ├─ Developer: Implement ProfilePage ✅
  └─ Security: Review validation logic ✅

Developer reports: "ProfilePage complete"
Planner detects: Tests incomplete
Planner reassigns: Developer → Write tests

Tester reports: "Tests written but low coverage (8%)"
Planner decides: Accept E2E coverage, not blocking
```

### Day 3: TutorProfessionalInfoForm
```
Planner assigns:
  ├─ Developer: Implement component ✅
  ├─ Tester: Write unit tests ✅
  └─ QA: Visual regression tests ✅

Developer reports: "Implementation complete"
Tester reports: "15/15 tests passing, 83.95% coverage"
QA reports: "4 Percy snapshots created"
Planner marks: Feature COMPLETE ✅
```

### Day 4: Discovery Phase
```
Planner assigns:
  └─ Developer: Implement Client/Agent forms

Developer reports: "Components are placeholders only"
Planner detects: Implementation blocker
Planner decides: Defer to Week 2, adjust sprint scope
```

### Day 5: Onboarding API
```
Planner assigns:
  ├─ Engineer: Create API endpoints ✅
  ├─ Developer: Create frontend client ✅
  └─ Tester: Test API integration ⏳

Engineer reports: "API complete, migration ready"
Developer reports: "Client created, integration pending"
Planner notes: "Integration testing for Week 2"
```

---

## Sprint Planning Process

### 1. Define Sprint Goals (Week 1 Example)
```markdown
Sprint: Week 1 - Profile & Professional Info
Duration: 5 days (40 hours)

Goals:
  1. Complete Profile editing feature
  2. Complete Professional Info template (Tutor)
  3. Establish testing infrastructure
  4. Onboarding auto-save API

Success Criteria:
  - Profile feature production-ready
  - TutorProfessionalInfoForm >80% test coverage
  - Percy visual regression integrated
  - Onboarding API functional
```

### 2. Break Down Features
```
Feature: TutorProfessionalInfoForm
  ├─ Analyst: Requirements (0.5h) ✅
  ├─ Developer:
  │   ├─ Component implementation (3h) ✅
  │   ├─ Unit tests (2h) ✅
  │   └─ Storybook stories (1h) ✅
  ├─ Tester:
  │   ├─ Test validation (0.5h) ✅
  │   └─ Coverage report (0.5h) ✅
  ├─ QA:
  │   └─ Visual regression (1h) ✅
  └─ Engineer:
      └─ API validation (0.5h) ✅

Total: 9 hours
```

### 3. Assign & Track
```typescript
const sprint = {
  week: 1,
  features: [
    {
      name: "TutorProfessionalInfoForm",
      assignments: [
        { agent: "analyst", hours: 0.5, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "developer", hours: 6, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "tester", hours: 1, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "qa", hours: 1, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "engineer", hours: 0.5, status: "complete" }
      ],
      overallStatus: "complete",
      blockers: []
    }
  ]
};
```

---

## Blocker Resolution Examples

### Example 1: Tester Blocked by Developer
```
Detection:
  Tester status: Waiting for unit tests
  Developer todos: 2 tasks incomplete

Resolution:
  1. Planner detects blocker
  2. Reassigns tasks to Developer
  3. Notifies Tester of delay
  4. Updates sprint timeline
  5. Monitors completion

Outcome:
  Developer completes tasks → Tester unblocked
```

### Example 2: QA Blocked by Failing Tests
```
Detection:
  QA status: Cannot start review
  Tester report: 15 E2E tests failing

Resolution:
  1. Planner analyzes test failures
  2. Identifies root cause (timing issues)
  3. Assigns Engineer to investigate
  4. Developer fixes timing issues
  5. Tester re-runs tests

Outcome:
  Tests passing → QA unblocked
```

### Example 3: Engineer Blocked by Missing Requirements
```
Detection:
  Engineer status: Cannot create migration
  Analyst status: Requirements incomplete

Resolution:
  1. Planner escalates to Analyst
  2. Analyst completes requirements
  3. Planner validates completeness
  4. Assigns Engineer to proceed

Outcome:
  Requirements complete → Engineer unblocked
```

---

## Status Reports

### Daily Standup Format
```markdown
# Daily Standup - 2025-10-08

## Agent Status

### Developer
- Yesterday: Onboarding API client
- Today: Documentation
- Blockers: None

### Tester
- Yesterday: TutorProfessionalInfoForm tests (15/15 passing)
- Today: Coverage report
- Blockers: ProfilePage complex structure

### Engineer
- Yesterday: Onboarding API endpoints
- Today: Database migration
- Blockers: None

### QA
- Yesterday: Percy snapshots
- Today: Accessibility testing
- Blockers: None

## Sprint Progress
- Completed: 3/5 features
- On track: Yes (+3.5 hour buffer)
- Risks: ProfilePage test coverage low (accepted)
```

### Weekly Summary Format
```markdown
# Week 1 Summary

## Accomplishments
✅ TutorProfessionalInfoForm: 83.95% coverage
✅ Percy integration: 4 snapshots
✅ Onboarding API: Complete
✅ Testing infrastructure: Established

## Metrics
- Tests: 24/54 passing (44%)
- Coverage: 55% overall
- Velocity: 24/40 hours (60%)
- Buffer: +16 hours for Week 2

## Blockers Resolved
✅ Storybook → Percy alternative
✅ Client/Agent → Deferred to Week 2

## Week 2 Plan
- Client/Agent Professional Info forms
- Onboarding auto-save integration
- E2E test improvements
```

---

## Configuration

### planner.config.ts
```typescript
export const plannerConfig = {
  sprintDuration: 5, // days
  dailyCapacity: 8, // hours per agent
  reportingSchedule: {
    daily: '09:00',
    weekly: 'Friday 16:00'
  },
  blockerThresholds: {
    warningHours: 4,
    criticalHours: 8
  },
  agentCoordination: {
    maxConcurrentTasks: 3,
    taskTimeout: 24 // hours
  }
};
```

---

## CLI Commands

```bash
# Sprint management
cas plan sprint create      # Create new sprint
cas plan sprint status      # View sprint progress
cas plan sprint close       # Close and summarize sprint

# Task management
cas plan task assign <agent> <task>   # Assign task
cas plan task status <task>           # Check task status
cas plan task complete <task>         # Mark complete

# Blocker management
cas plan blockers list      # List all blockers
cas plan blockers resolve   # Resolve blocker

# Reporting
cas plan report daily       # Daily standup
cas plan report weekly      # Weekly summary
cas plan report agent <name> # Agent-specific report
```

---

## Integration with Other Agents

### Receives Updates From
- **Developer:** Feature completions, todo updates
- **Tester:** Test results, coverage reports
- **QA:** Quality reviews, accessibility scores
- **Engineer:** Deployment status, performance metrics
- **Security:** Vulnerability scans
- **Analyst:** Requirements changes
- **Marketer:** Usage metrics

### Sends Assignments To
- All agents based on sprint plan

### Monitors
- Agent status and availability
- Task progress and completion
- Blockers and dependencies
- Sprint velocity and timeline

---

## Success Metrics

### Week 1 Performance
```
Sprint Planning: ✅ Effective
  - Goals clearly defined
  - Features broken down appropriately
  - Realistic estimates

Agent Coordination: ✅ Good
  - Smooth handoffs
  - Blockers detected early
  - Clear communication

Blocker Resolution: ✅ Excellent
  - 3 blockers identified
  - All resolved or deferred appropriately
  - No critical delays

Progress Tracking: ✅ Excellent
  - Accurate status reporting
  - Clear visibility
  - ---

## Secret Management

This agent **must not** access `.env` files or environment variables directly. All required secrets (e.g., API keys, credentials) must be requested from the **Engineer Agent** by following the process defined in the [Secret Management Workflow](../../process/SECRET-MANAGEMENT-WORKFLOW.md).

---

## Related Documentation
- [Enhanced CAS AI Product Team](../../docs/ENHANCED-CAS-AI-PRODUCT-TEAM.md)
- [Week 2 Summary](../../docs/WEEK-2-SUMMARY.md)

**Maintained By:** Planner Agent (autonomous)
**Updated:** After each sprint event, blocker, or milestone
**Shared With:** All agents, stakeholders

Commit message:

feat(cas): Enhance autonomous dev process with quality gates
This commit implements a comprehensive overhaul of the CAS development workflow, inspired by the lessons learned from the 'Listing Wizard' production issues.

The new process is designed to 'shift quality left' by embedding context, collaboration, and multi-layered testing directly into the autonomous development cycle.

Key Enhancements:
1.  **Contextual Analysis:** The Analyst Agent now analyzes existing codebase patterns to create a 'Feature Brief' with design and architectural constraints, ensuring consistency.

2.  **AI Three Amigos Kick-off:** A new mandatory review gate where the Analyst, Developer, and Tester agents achieve a shared understanding of a feature *before* development begins, preventing defects.

3.  **Enhanced Definition of Done:**
    - The Developer Agent is now required to create Storybook stories for all UI components.
    - The QA Agent performs automated Visual Verification using Percy.
    - The Tester Agent performs E2E Verification using Playwright.

4.  **Production Metrics Review:** A new post-deployment workflow where the Marketer, Analyst, and Developer agents review the real-world impact of a feature, enabling data-driven iteration and learning.

These changes transform CAS from a feature factory into a robust, context-aware, and quality-driven autonomous development team.

cas/agents/planner/README.md, after:

# Planner Agent - Strategic PDM (Product Delivery Manager)

**Role:** AI Product Delivery Manager - Strategic Leadership
**Combines:** Product Manager + Project Manager + Delivery Manager + Scrum Master
**Responsibilities:** Product vision & roadmap, strategic prioritization, sprint planning, agent coordination, delivery orchestration

---

## Overview

The Planner agent is the **Strategic PDM** - the autonomous leader combining product strategy with delivery execution. It owns the product vision, roadmap, and strategic decisions while coordinating all CAS agents to deliver features efficiently.

**PDM Philosophy:** Strategy + Execution in one role for autonomous efficiency.

---

## Core Responsibilities

### 1. Product Vision & Roadmap (Product Manager)
- Define product vision and strategic direction
- Maintain product roadmap aligned with business goals
- Identify market opportunities and feature priorities
- Make go/no-go decisions on features
- Balance business value vs. technical effort

### 2. Strategic Decision-Making (NEW - "PRODUCTION METRICS REVIEW")
- **Role:** The final decision-maker in the post-deployment review loop.
- **Process:** Receives the **Feature Impact Summary** from the Marketer Agent.
- **Responsibility:** Makes the strategic call based on production data:
    - **SUCCESS:** Acknowledges success and archives the learnings.
    - **ITERATE:** Creates a new, prioritized feature task for the Analyst to begin work on an improved version.
    - **REMOVE:** Creates a new task to deprecate and remove a failed feature.
- **Reference:** [Production Metrics Review Workflow](../../process/PRODUCTION-METRICS-REVIEW-WORKFLOW.md)

### 3. Strategic Feature Prioritization (Product Manager)
- Prioritize features based on ROI and impact
- Use data from Marketer to inform decisions
- Balance quick wins vs. long-term investments
- Manage product backlog strategically

### 4. Sprint Planning & Execution (Project Manager + Scrum Master)
- Define sprint goals based on product roadmap
- Break down features into agent-specific tasks
- Estimate effort and timeline
- Create sprint schedule

### 5. Agent Coordination (Delivery Manager)
- Assign tasks to appropriate agents
- Monitor agent progress and velocity
- Detect dependencies and blockers
- Facilitate inter-agent communication

### 6. Workflow Orchestration (Delivery Manager)
- Execute multi-agent workflows
- Ensure proper task sequencing
- Manage handoffs between agents
- Optimize delivery pipeline

### 7. Progress Tracking & Reporting (Project Manager)
- Monitor feature completion
- Track sprint velocity and burndown
- Generate status reports
- Update stakeholders

### 8. Blocker Resolution (Scrum Master)
- Detect blocked work early
- Identify root causes
- Reassign or escalate as needed
- Track resolution time

### 9. Strategic Feedback Integration (Product Manager)
- Review Marketer analytics and user feedback
- Adjust roadmap based on market performance
- Collaborate with Analyst on product-market fit
- Iterate on product strategy

---

## Agent Coordination Matrix

### Workflow: Feature Implementation

```
Planner
  ↓
Analyst (Requirements) → Developer (Implementation)
                              ↓
                         Tester (Validation)
                              ↓
                         QA (Quality Check)
                              ↓
                         Security (Scan) → Engineer (Deploy)
                                                ↓
                                           Marketer (Track)
```

### Communication Patterns

| From → To | Purpose | Trigger |
|-----------|---------|---------|
| Planner → All | Task assignment | Sprint planning |
| Agent → Planner | Status update | Task completion / blocker |
| Developer → Tester | Code ready | Implementation complete |
| Tester → Developer | Issues found | Tests failing |
| QA → Engineer | Approved | QA passed |
| Security → Planner | Vulnerabilities | Security scan complete |

---

## Key Functions

### Task Assignment
```typescript
async assignTask(agent: AgentType, task: Task): Promise<void> {
  // Check agent availability
  const status = await this.getAgentStatus(agent);

  if (status.busy) {
    await this.queue(agent, task);
  } else {
    await this.send(agent, {
      type: 'task_assigned',
      task,
      priority: task.priority,
      dependencies: task.dependencies
    });
  }
}
```

### Blocker Detection
```typescript
async detectBlockers(): Promise<Blocker[]> {
  const agents = await this.getAllAgentStatuses();
  const blockers = [];

  // Check if tester blocked by incomplete developer work
  if (agents.tester.blocked && agents.developer.incompleteTasks.length > 0) {
    blockers.push({
      blocked: 'tester',
      blockedBy: 'developer',
      reason: 'Incomplete implementation',
      tasks: agents.developer.incompleteTasks
    });
  }

  // Check if QA blocked by failing tests
  if (agents.qa.waiting && agents.tester.failingTests.length > 0) {
    blockers.push({
      blocked: 'qa',
      blockedBy: 'tester',
      reason: 'Failing tests',
      tests: agents.tester.failingTests
    });
  }

  return blockers;
}
```

### Progress Tracking
```typescript
async trackProgress(feature: string): Promise<Progress> {
  const featurePlan = await this.loadPlan('cas-feature-dev-plan.md', feature);
  const systemPlan = await this.loadPlan('cas-system-imp-plan.md', feature);

  return {
    feature,
    developer: featurePlan.status,
    tester: featurePlan.testResults,
    qa: featurePlan.qaReview,
    engineer: systemPlan.deploymentStatus,
    overallProgress: this.calculateProgress(featurePlan, systemPlan)
  };
}
```

---

## Example: Week 1 Coordination

### Day 1-2: Profile Feature
```
Planner assigns:
  ├─ Analyst: Verify requirements ✅
  ├─ Developer: Implement ProfilePage ✅
  └─ Security: Review validation logic ✅

Developer reports: "ProfilePage complete"
Planner detects: Tests incomplete
Planner reassigns: Developer → Write tests

Tester reports: "Tests written but low coverage (8%)"
Planner decides: Accept E2E coverage, not blocking
```

### Day 3: TutorProfessionalInfoForm
```
Planner assigns:
  ├─ Developer: Implement component ✅
  ├─ Tester: Write unit tests ✅
  └─ QA: Visual regression tests ✅

Developer reports: "Implementation complete"
Tester reports: "15/15 tests passing, 83.95% coverage"
QA reports: "4 Percy snapshots created"
Planner marks: Feature COMPLETE ✅
```

### Day 4: Discovery Phase
```
Planner assigns:
  └─ Developer: Implement Client/Agent forms

Developer reports: "Components are placeholders only"
Planner detects: Implementation blocker
Planner decides: Defer to Week 2, adjust sprint scope
```

### Day 5: Onboarding API
```
Planner assigns:
  ├─ Engineer: Create API endpoints ✅
  ├─ Developer: Create frontend client ✅
  └─ Tester: Test API integration ⏳

Engineer reports: "API complete, migration ready"
Developer reports: "Client created, integration pending"
Planner notes: "Integration testing for Week 2"
```

---

## Sprint Planning Process

### 1. Define Sprint Goals (Week 1 Example)
```markdown
Sprint: Week 1 - Profile & Professional Info
Duration: 5 days (40 hours)

Goals:
  1. Complete Profile editing feature
  2. Complete Professional Info template (Tutor)
  3. Establish testing infrastructure
  4. Onboarding auto-save API

Success Criteria:
  - Profile feature production-ready
  - TutorProfessionalInfoForm >80% test coverage
  - Percy visual regression integrated
  - Onboarding API functional
```

### 2. Break Down Features
```
Feature: TutorProfessionalInfoForm
  ├─ Analyst: Requirements (0.5h) ✅
  ├─ Developer:
  │   ├─ Component implementation (3h) ✅
  │   ├─ Unit tests (2h) ✅
  │   └─ Storybook stories (1h) ✅
  ├─ Tester:
  │   ├─ Test validation (0.5h) ✅
  │   └─ Coverage report (0.5h) ✅
  ├─ QA:
  │   └─ Visual regression (1h) ✅
  └─ Engineer:
      └─ API validation (0.5h) ✅

Total: 9 hours
```

### 3. Assign & Track
```typescript
const sprint = {
  week: 1,
  features: [
    {
      name: "TutorProfessionalInfoForm",
      assignments: [
        { agent: "analyst", hours: 0.5, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "developer", hours: 6, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "tester", hours: 1, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "qa", hours: 1, status: "complete" },
        { agent: "engineer", hours: 0.5, status: "complete" }
      ],
      overallStatus: "complete",
      blockers: []
    }
  ]
};
```

---

## Blocker Resolution Examples

### Example 1: Tester Blocked by Developer
```
Detection:
  Tester status: Waiting for unit tests
  Developer todos: 2 tasks incomplete

Resolution:
  1. Planner detects blocker
  2. Reassigns tasks to Developer
  3. Notifies Tester of delay
  4. Updates sprint timeline
  5. Monitors completion

Outcome:
  Developer completes tasks → Tester unblocked
```

### Example 2: QA Blocked by Failing Tests
```
Detection:
  QA status: Cannot start review
  Tester report: 15 E2E tests failing

Resolution:
  1. Planner analyzes test failures
  2. Identifies root cause (timing issues)
  3. Assigns Engineer to investigate
  4. Developer fixes timing issues
  5. Tester re-runs tests

Outcome:
  Tests passing → QA unblocked
```

### Example 3: Engineer Blocked by Missing Requirements
```
Detection:
  Engineer status: Cannot create migration
  Analyst status: Requirements incomplete

Resolution:
  1. Planner escalates to Analyst
  2. Analyst completes requirements
  3. Planner validates completeness
  4. Assigns Engineer to proceed

Outcome:
  Requirements complete → Engineer unblocked
```

---

## Status Reports

### Daily Standup Format
```markdown
# Daily Standup - 2025-10-08

## Agent Status

### Developer
- Yesterday: Onboarding API client
- Today: Documentation
- Blockers: None

### Tester
- Yesterday: TutorProfessionalInfoForm tests (15/15 passing)
- Today: Coverage report
- Blockers: ProfilePage complex structure

### Engineer
- Yesterday: Onboarding API endpoints
- Today: Database migration
- Blockers: None

### QA
- Yesterday: Percy snapshots
- Today: Accessibility testing
- Blockers: None

## Sprint Progress
- Completed: 3/5 features
- On track: Yes (+3.5 hour buffer)
- Risks: ProfilePage test coverage low (accepted)
```

### Weekly Summary Format
```markdown
# Week 1 Summary

## Accomplishments
✅ TutorProfessionalInfoForm: 83.95% coverage
✅ Percy integration: 4 snapshots
✅ Onboarding API: Complete
✅ Testing infrastructure: Established

## Metrics
- Tests: 24/54 passing (44%)
- Coverage: 55% overall
- Velocity: 24/40 hours (60%)
- Buffer: +16 hours for Week 2

## Blockers Resolved
✅ Storybook → Percy alternative
✅ Client/Agent → Deferred to Week 2

## Week 2 Plan
- Client/Agent Professional Info forms
- Onboarding auto-save integration
- E2E test improvements
```

---

## Configuration

### planner.config.ts
```typescript
export const plannerConfig = {
  sprintDuration: 5, // days
  dailyCapacity: 8, // hours per agent
  reportingSchedule: {
    daily: '09:00',
    weekly: 'Friday 16:00'
  },
  blockerThresholds: {
    warningHours: 4,
    criticalHours: 8
  },
  agentCoordination: {
    maxConcurrentTasks: 3,
    taskTimeout: 24 // hours
  }
};
```

---

## CLI Commands

```bash
# Sprint management
cas plan sprint create      # Create new sprint
cas plan sprint status      # View sprint progress
cas plan sprint close       # Close and summarize sprint

# Task management
cas plan task assign <agent> <task>   # Assign task
cas plan task status <task>           # Check task status
cas plan task complete <task>         # Mark complete

# Blocker management
cas plan blockers list      # List all blockers
cas plan blockers resolve   # Resolve blocker

# Reporting
cas plan report daily       # Daily standup
cas plan report weekly      # Weekly summary
cas plan report agent <name> # Agent-specific report
```

---

## Integration with Other Agents

### Receives Updates From
- **Developer:** Feature completions, todo updates
- **Tester:** Test results, coverage reports
- **QA:** Quality reviews, accessibility scores
- **Engineer:** Deployment status, performance metrics
- **Security:** Vulnerability scans
- **Analyst:** Requirements changes
- **Marketer:** Usage metrics

### Sends Assignments To
- All agents based on sprint plan

### Monitors
- Agent status and availability
- Task progress and completion
- Blockers and dependencies
- Sprint velocity and timeline

---

## Success Metrics

### Week 1 Performance
```
Sprint Planning: ✅ Effective
  - Goals clearly defined
  - Features broken down appropriately
  - Realistic estimates

Agent Coordination: ✅ Good
  - Smooth handoffs
  - Blockers detected early
  - Clear communication

Blocker Resolution: ✅ Excellent
  - 3 blockers identified
  - All resolved or deferred appropriately
  - No critical delays

Progress Tracking: ✅ Excellent
  - Accurate status reporting
  - Clear visibility
  - ---

## Secret Management

This agent **must not** access `.env` files or environment variables directly. All required secrets (e.g., API keys, credentials) must be requested from the **Engineer Agent** by following the process defined in the [Secret Management Workflow](../../process/SECRET-MANAGEMENT-WORKFLOW.md).

---

## Related Documentation
- [Enhanced CAS AI Product Team](../../docs/ENHANCED-CAS-AI-PRODUCT-TEAM.md)
- [Week 2 Summary](../../docs/WEEK-2-SUMMARY.md)

**Maintained By:** Planner Agent (autonomous)
**Updated:** After each sprint event, blocker, or milestone
**Shared With:** All agents, stakeholders
